Remove typing from redis store. Add some documentation. (#4)
teamplanes/graphql-rate-limit: README.md

  login(email: String!, password: String!): String @rateLimit(max: 10, window: 60000, identityArgs: ["email"])
}
```

### Redis Store usage

> It is recommended for bigger applications to use a store instead of relying on servers memory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use a persistent store rather than the default InMemoryStore. 
```

GraphQLRateLimit supports Redis. You need to install Redis in your project first. 

```js
import * as graphqlRateLimit from 'graphql-rate-limit';

const GraphQLRateLimit = graphqlRateLimit.createRateLimitDirective({
  identifyContext: ctx => ctx.user.id,
  /**

>    * Import the class from graphqlRateLimit and pass in an instance of redis store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Import the class from graphql-rate-limit and pass in an instance of redis client to the constructor
```
